1)DFT (Data flow task) - Its a core component of ETL.It helps to move the data between source and destinatios.
source->Transformations->Destinations.
2)Connection managers- This sql extracts the data from diffrent source and loads in complete diffrent destination.It contains the physical connection string
3)Incremental Load- Incremental load is to compare the target table against source data based on ID Or Time stamp
Configure Incremental load in SSIS - a)Dgrag and drop DFT task from toolbox
b)Drag and drop OLEDB Sourceand check connection manager and select required DB from source. 
c)Check the columns mappings
d)Drag and drop lookup transformations - Lookup transformations which is used to compare source data to the
exixsting data from the refrence table and find matching ones.
e)In Lookup Transformation in General Tablb select Full Cache and OLEDB connection manager 
f)Configure the lookup connection settings  and map the columns
4)Conditional split - It is used to apply conditions and route data rows to diffrent output based on cspecefic conditions.It allows us to split the data 
in multiple destinations depending on content of data.
5)Better approch for incremental load- 1)Creating stateging table- Its global temp table
                                       2)Data flow task - Load data from source to destination
                                       3)Update the target table with data present in stageing table.

Questrions - 
1)What is SSIS?
Ans - SSIS is a SQL Server Integration tool from Microsoft that allows us to perform ETL operations between 
source and destinations.

2)Key components of SSIS?
Ans- Connection manager, Data Flow, control Flow, Event Handlers,Vaiables,Expressions,Log Providers.

3)What is use of control Flow in SSIS?
Ans- Control Flow is used to define the sequence of task or container that need to be executed as a 
part of SSIS package.This task include ForLoop container, For each container,SQL Sript task.

4)How does SSIS handle data transformation?
Ans-SSIS uses the DFT task to perform Data transformation.This task include source,Transformation,
Destination components that helps to extract ,mainupulate and load data in target system.

5)What is diffrence between Slowly changing Dimenions (SCD) types 1 aqnd types 2?
Ans- SCD Type 1 updates the records without keeping track of historical data. while SCD type 2 creates a 
new version of records whenever there is change maintaing a history of all previous versions.

6)How do you debug an SSIS package?
Ans- We can use built in Debuging tools in visual stiudio such as break points, call stack,watch windows to find 
issues within in your package.We can also run package in debug mode to step throgh each task and container.

7)How do you handle errors in SSIS?
Ans- SSIS has built in error handling features like OnErrors,OnWarning, On Information events.Developers can configure at
package level and at container level.

8)What is purpose of using Checkpoints in SSIS?
Ans- Checkpoints enables to ssis to save the state of running package before it fails due to any reason.

9)What is diffrence between Full Load and incremental Load?
Ans- Full load will load all the data from source syatem to destination system whether 
it exixts already or not.
Incremental Load - will load only updated data since the last time it was loaded.

10)How do you deploy SSIS poject?
Ans- To deploy project first build the project and generate ISPAC file.Then you use either SSMS deployment server
to publish project over a specified server.

11)How to retrive data from flat file source in SSIS?
Ans- we can add flat file source component to DFT task and configure its properties according to 
format of input file.

12)How do you perform lookup operations in ssis?
Ans-lOOKUP operqations can be performed by adding a lookup transformation component to the data flow task.
Lookup transformations which is used to match the incoming rows against the refrence dataset and return 
matching ones.

13)How do you merge two datasets in SSIS?
Ans-Merge operations can be performed by adding a merge join transformation component to the DFT.

14)How do you sort data in SSIS?
Ans- sorting can be done by sort transformation component in control flow.This component sorts the input data
based on one or multiple columns defined by developer.

15)How do you split data in ssis?
Ans-Ans-spliting can be done by conditional split transformation component in control flow.
This component routes the rows to diffrent output based on conditions defined by developer.

16)How do you aggregate data in ssis?
Ans-Ans-Aggregate can be done by Aggregrate transformation component in control flow.

17)How do you audit and log activities in ssis?
Ans-By configuring the event handlers properties.

18)How do you validate data in SSIS?
Ans-Validating data can be achived by adding a Data viewer component to the Data Flow task.This component displays real time data flowing through pipeline. 

19)How do you convert data types in SSIS?
Ans- Conerting the data can be achieved by Data conversion Transformation component in DFT.

20)How can you derive calculated field in SSIS?
Ans- It can be achived by derieved column tansformation component in SSIS.

21)How can you filter data in ssis?
Ans- By adding a Row filter transform component to the DFT.

22)How can you piviot data in SSIS?
Ans-Pivioting data can be achieved by adding a Piviot Transformation component to the DFT.
The component rotates the rows into columns based on specified value.

23))How can you Unpiviot data in SSIS?
Ans-UnPivioting data can be achieved by adding a UnPiviot Transformation component to the DFT.
The component rotates the columns into rows based on specified set of columns value.
